(Context. This takes place just after Christmas of 2022. My step-mother (28f) had struggled with a type of cancer before me and my dad met her, that had caused her to gain a lot of weight. She had made it clear that she is insecure about her weight and doesn't like talking about it due to me and her kids commonly (mostly on accident) making jokes about her weight.

I (14m) was on a drive back from my step grandma's house. We had been in the car for a couple minutes so we decided to play I-spy. My step-brother (7m) had said he spied the biggest thing in the truck so I impulsively said my step-moms name for a quick laugh but my mom didn't like the joke (fair enough). For the next couple of minutes she doesn't say anything (that's fair). Eventually my Dad (37m, I know the age gap is kinda weird) had asked her a question. This caused her to throw a fit about how no one in the family respected her and how her life had been worse because misogynistic men had disregarded her due to her oversized body. I obviously felt bad but I have a problem where whenever I feel sad I shut down as a coping mechanism so talking to her was very hard for me to do in the situation.

Eventually she had calmed down and talked to me normally about how she didn't like people making fun of her in that way (fair enough) but that wasn't the problem. When she had talked about how all her life she had been put down by sexist men it made me feel like I was a bad person for making these jokes. Eventually we had gotten to her ex's house to drop off her kids so it was me alone in dads truck. I started to cry, hard as I am a very sensitive kid. Thoughts kept rushing through my head about how I was a misogynist and how i was an awful person.

A couple minutes later my dad came back and asked me what was wrong. I was in a very bad state so I kept saying "I didn't want to talk" and "Talking would only make things worse" till my step mom arrived. My dad stepped out of the truck and asked her to talk to me as I was not talking very well to him. She got in the truck and tried to talk to me but I thought if I talked it would make things worse so I just kept saying I didn't want to talk about it. Eventually we got home and I rushed upstairs to my room where for the next day or two I would cry on and off and for the past couple of weeks I've had a feeling that I'm not a good person so I would like honest feedback just to know if I was in the wrong on this. Thank you for reading if you did.
