My uncle robbed his own mother(78f) who has dementia and kicked me, her caregiver (21f) into the streets after she passed away.

This is a long story that I will try to keep as short as possible. But if anyone could give me some advice or even just listen, it would be a great help.

I’m currently a 21yr old student. I’ve been living alone with my grandmother since late 2018, so almost 5 years. She is also my legal guardian. I love my grandmother, but she is not the easiest person to be around (that’s putting it lightly). So even when she started to get more and more difficult, I didn’t realize they were symptoms of dementia. I honestly think the dementia may have started long before I lived alone with her, but she didn’t get an official diagnosis until December of 2022. That’s four years of me constantly asking for help and the adults didn’t do anything.

My parents can’t do much as they live in a different province and they were dealing with their own stuff. But my uncle (the biological son) lives 3min away from us. 3 minutes, but throughout the 4 years I’ve lived alone with her, he NEVER came. Not a text message wishing her happy birthday. The one time he came after she was diagnosed, he said he would take her to my grandpa’s grave to visit but actually took her to the bank and made her sign forms regarding money transfers and her accounts (which I was looking after because I was the primary caregiver).

Early morning of Jan 10 2023, I came back home to find her dead. The funeral was a week after. Right after that my uncle told me to pack everything and leave the house (it’s under his name). He plans to sell it and take all the money and other assets for himself (the house alone is 1mil). Mind you I’ve lived in that house for over 15 years and he never paid a single penny towards this house. My grandma paid all the mortgage and expenses herself.

I’m thinking about suing him. I’ve never been greedy for money, that’s not what this is about. He does not deserve anything. I know there’s always two sides to the story but I promise you in the end, he’s in the wrong. Part of the reason why my parents are not involved is because he never had a good relationship with my mother and there’s things she’s done that I don’t approve of, but her and I are different people. He shouldn’t have treated me like this. I didn’t think I had a case since the house is legally under his name, but ppl are telling me otherwise. The fact that she was my legal guardian, the years of neglect and late diagnosis, fraudulent actions with the bank, illegally kicking me out without enough notice, the list goes on. I’m not sure why I posted this on here, maybe to get an outside opinion on what I should do, or if I even have a case.